The best answer to anger is silence. - Marcus Aurelius
The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have. - Marcus Aurelius
How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life. - Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind – not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy. - Marcus Aurelius
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. - Marcus Aurelius
Confine yourself to the present. - Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive – to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
You can commit injustice by doing nothing. - Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
Each day provides its own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
Give yourself a gift, the present moment. - Marcus Aurelius
The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away. - Marcus Aurelius
Have I been made for this, to lie under the blankets and keep myself warm? - Marcus Aurelius
Conceal a flaw, and the world will imagine the worst. - Marcus Aurelius
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil. - Marcus Aurelius
I cannot escape death, but at least I can escape the fear of it. - Marcus Aurelius
How trivial the things we want so passionately are. - Marcus Aurelius
Settle on the type of person you want to be and stick to it, whether alone or in company. - Marcus Aurelius
Consider at what price you sell your integrity, but please, for God’s sake, don’t sell it cheap. - Marcus Aurelius
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. - Seneca
Ignorance is the cause of fear. - Seneca
While we wait for life, life passes. - Seneca
Life is long, if you know how to use it. - Seneca
Hurry up and live. - Seneca
Cease to hope and you will cease to fear. - Seneca
Wealth is the slave of a wise man and the master of a fool. - Seneca
Only time can heal what reason cannot. - Seneca
While we are postponing, life speeds by. - Seneca
Life, if well lived, is long enough. - Seneca
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms, you will be able to use them better when you are older. - Seneca
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness. - Seneca
It is more civilized to make fun of life than to bewail it. - Seneca
Difficulty comes from our lack of confidence. - Seneca
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future. - Seneca
What really ruins our character is the fact that none of us looks back over his life. - Seneca
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by rulers as useful. - Seneca
It does not matter how many books you have, but how good are the books which you have. - Seneca
When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends. - Seneca
For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them. - Seneca
The greatest remedy for anger is delay. - Seneca
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
No man is free who is not master of himself. - Epictetus
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
It is difficulties that show what men are. - Epictetus
Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. - Epictetus
A ship should not ride on a single anchor, nor life on a single hope. - Epictetus
No great thing is created suddenly. - Epictetus
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. - Epictetus
If you want something good, get it yourself. - Epictetus
All the good are friends of one another. - Zeno
No loss should be more regrettable to us than losing our time, for it’s irretrievable. - Zeno
Extravagance is its own destroyer. - Zeno
Man conquers the world by conquering himself. - Zeno
Steel your sensibilities, so that life shall hurt you as little as possible. - Zeno
Better to trip with the feet than with the tongue - Zeno
A bad feeling is a commotion of the mind repugnant to reason, and against nature. - Zeno
We begin to lose our hesitation to do immoral things when we lose our hesitation to speak of them. - Musonius Rufus
Humanity must seek what is NOT simple and obvious using the simple and obvious. - Musonius Rufus
Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long. - Musonius Rufus
Only by exhibiting actions in harmony with the sound words which he has received will anyone be helped by philosophy. - Musonius Rufus
Thus whoever destroys human marriage destroys the home, the city-the whole human race. - Musonius Rufus
He with the most who is content with the least. - Diogenes
The foundation of every state is the education of its youth. - Diogenes
Blushing is the color of virtue. - Diogenes
Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards. - Diogenes
I am not an Athenian or a Greek, but a citizen of the world. - Diogenes
The mob is the mother of tyrants. - Diogenes
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself - Diogenes
